.TH "ccn_btree_content_payload" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccn_btree_content_payload \- 
.PP
Structure of the entry payload within a leaf node.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBmagic\fP [1]"
.br
.RI "\fICCN_BT_CONTENT_MAGIC. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBctype\fP [3]"
.br
.RI "\fIType. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBcobsz\fP [4]"
.br
.RI "\fISize in bytes of ContentObject. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBncomp\fP [2]"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of name components \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBflags\fP [1]"
.br
.RI "\fICCN_RCFLAG_*. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBttpad\fP [1]"
.br
.RI "\fIReserved until 20 Aug 4147 07:32:16 GMT. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBtimex\fP [6]"
.br
.RI "\fITimestamp from content object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBactim\fP [6]"
.br
.RI "\fIAccession time, Timestamp format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBcobid\fP [8]"
.br
.RI "\fIWhere the actual ContentObject is. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBppkdg\fP [32]"
.br
.RI "\fIPublisherPublicKeyDigest. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure of the entry payload within a leaf node. 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file btree_content.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::actim\fP[6]"
.PP
Accession time, Timestamp format. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file btree_content.h.
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::cobid\fP[8]"
.PP
Where the actual ContentObject is. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_content_cobid().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::cobsz\fP[4]"
.PP
Size in bytes of ContentObject. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_content_cobsz(), and ccn_btree_insert_content().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::ctype\fP[3]"
.PP
Type. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::flags\fP[1]"
.PP
CCN_RCFLAG_*. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::magic\fP[1]"
.PP
CCN_BT_CONTENT_MAGIC. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content(), and ccn_btree_match_interest().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::ncomp\fP[2]"
.PP
number of name components 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content(), ccn_btree_match_interest(), and ccn_flatname_append_from_ccnb().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::ppkdg\fP[32]"
.PP
PublisherPublicKeyDigest. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content(), and ccn_btree_match_interest().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::timex\fP[6]"
.PP
Timestamp from content object. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_btree_content_payload::ttpad\fP[1]"
.PP
Reserved until 20 Aug 4147 07:32:16 GMT. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file btree_content.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_btree_insert_content().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
