.TH "include/ccn/ccn_private.h" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/ccn/ccn_private.h \- 
.PP
Additional operations that are irrevalent for most clients.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_dispatch_message\fP (struct ccn *h, unsigned char *msg, size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIDispatch a message through the registered upcalls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_process_scheduled_operations\fP (struct ccn *h)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess any scheduled operations that are due. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_schedule * \fBccn_get_schedule\fP (struct ccn *h)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the previously set event schedule from a ccn handle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_schedule * \fBccn_set_schedule\fP (struct ccn *h, struct ccn_schedule *s)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the event schedule in a ccn handle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * \fBccn_grab_buffered_output\fP (struct ccn *h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_setup_sockaddr_un\fP (const char *, struct sockaddr_un *)"
.br
.RI "\fISet up a unix-domain socket address for contacting ccnd. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_setup_sockaddr_in\fP (const char *, struct sockaddr *, int)"
.br
.RI "\fISet up a Internet socket address for contacting ccnd. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_set_connect_type\fP (struct ccn *h, const char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBccn_get_connect_type\fP (struct ccn *h)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Additional operations that are irrevalent for most clients. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_private.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccn_dispatch_message (struct ccn * h, unsigned char * msg, size_t size)"
.PP
Dispatch a message through the registered upcalls. This is not used by normal ccn clients, but is made available for use when ccnd needs to communicate with its internal client. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP is the ccn handle. 
.br
\fImsg\fP is the ccnb-encoded Interest or ContentObject. 
.br
\fIsize\fP is its size in bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1603 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_process_input(), ccnd_send(), and r_io_send().
.SS "const char* ccn_get_connect_type (struct ccn * h)"
.PP
Definition at line 440 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get().
.SS "struct ccn_schedule* ccn_get_schedule (struct ccn * h)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Get the previously set event schedule from a ccn handle. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP is the ccn handle 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to the event schedule 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1899 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccns_open().
.SS "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP* ccn_grab_buffered_output (struct ccn * h)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1164 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_internal_client_buffer(), and r_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer().
.SS "int ccn_process_scheduled_operations (struct ccn * h)"
.PP
Process any scheduled operations that are due. This is not used by normal ccn clients, but is made available for use by ccnd to run its internal client. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP is the ccn handle. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of microseconds until the next thing needs to happen. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1926 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_run(), ccnd_adjacency_offer_or_commit_req(), ccnd_internal_client_refresh(), ccnr_direct_client_refresh(), ccnr_internal_client_refresh(), r_dispatch_run(), send_adjacency_solicit(), and wait_for_input_or_timeout().
.SS "void ccn_set_connect_type (struct ccn * h, const char * name)"
.PP
Definition at line 429 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_connect().
.SS "struct ccn_schedule* ccn_set_schedule (struct ccn * h, struct ccn_schedule * schedule)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Set the event schedule in a ccn handle. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP is the ccn handle 
.br
\fIschedule\fP is the new event schedule to be set in the handle 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to the previous event schedule (or NULL) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1911 of file ccn_client.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccns_open().
.SS "int ccn_setup_sockaddr_in (const char * name, struct sockaddr * result, int length)"
.PP
Set up a Internet socket address for contacting ccnd. The name must be of the form 'tcp[4|6][:port]' If there is no port specified, the environment variable CCN_LOCAL_PORT is checked. Bad port specifications will result in the default port (9695) being used. If neither '4' nor '6' is present, the code will prefer the IPv4 localhost address. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file ccn_setup_sockaddr_un.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_connect().
.SS "void ccn_setup_sockaddr_un (const char * portstr, struct sockaddr_un * result)"
.PP
Set up a unix-domain socket address for contacting ccnd. If the environment variable CCN_LOCAL_SOCKNAME is set and not empty, it supplies the name stem; otherwise the compiled-in default is used.
.PP
If portstr is NULL or empty, the environment variable CCN_LOCAL_PORT is checked. If the portstr specifies something other than the ccnx registered port number, the socket name is modified accordingly. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIportstr\fP - numeric port; use NULL for default. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ccn_setup_sockaddr_un.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_connect(), ccnd_get_local_sockname(), main(), and r_net_get_local_sockname().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
