.TH "libexec/ccndc-log.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
libexec/ccndc-log.c \- 
.PP
Logging utilities for ccndc.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccndc_note\fP (int lineno, const char *format,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIIssue note on stderr, controlled by verbose flag. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccndc_warn\fP (int lineno, const char *format,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIIssue warning on stderr. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccndc_fatal\fP (int line, const char *format,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIIssue error message on stderr and terminate execution of the app. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBon_error_exit\fP (int res, int lineno, const char *msg)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBverbose\fP = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Logging utilities for ccndc. 

Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccndc-log.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccndc_fatal (int line, const char * format,  ...)"
.PP
Issue error message on stderr and terminate execution of the app. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlineno\fP Line number where problem happened 
.br
\fIformat\fP printf-style format line 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ccndc-log.c.
.PP
Referenced by create_command_from_command_line(), on_error_exit(), and read_configfile().
.SS "void ccndc_note (int lineno, const char * format,  ...)"
.PP
Issue note on stderr, controlled by verbose flag. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlineno\fP Line number where problem happened 
.br
\fIformat\fP printf-style format line 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file ccndc-log.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccndc_daemonize(), and ccndc_srv().
.SS "void ccndc_warn (int lineno, const char * format,  ...)"
.PP
Issue warning on stderr. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlineno\fP Line number where problem happened 
.br
\fIformat\fP printf-style format line 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file ccndc-log.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccndc_add(), ccndc_create(), ccndc_del(), ccndc_destroy(), ccndc_destroyface(), ccndc_get_ccnd_id(), ccndc_renew(), ccndc_srv(), main(), parse_ccn_face_instance(), parse_ccn_face_instance_from_face(), parse_ccn_forwarding_entry(), and read_configfile().
.SS "void on_error_exit (int res, int lineno, const char * msg)"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file ccndc-log.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBverbose\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file ccndc-log.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnbx(), ccndc_note(), main(), and printraw().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
