.TH "libexec/ccndc-main.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
libexec/ccndc-main.c \- 
.PP
Bring up a link to another ccnd.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBread_configfile\fP (struct \fBccndc_data\fP *ccndc, const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess configuration file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBusage\fP (const char *\fBprogname\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcreate_command_from_command_line\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Bring up a link to another ccnd. 

A CCNx program.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccndc-main.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* create_command_from_command_line (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file ccndc-main.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file ccndc-main.c.
.SS "static int read_configfile (struct \fBccndc_data\fP * ccndc, const char * filename)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Process configuration file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP Processing configuration file in two rounds. First round performs a dry run to check for errors. If no erors found, commands are executing if normal mode. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 184 of file ccndc-main.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "static void usage (const char * progname)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file ccndc-main.c.
.PP
Referenced by initialize(), main(), parseopts(), and process_options().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
