.TH "libexec/ccndc-srv.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
libexec/ccndc-srv.c \- 
.PP
ccndc handling of SRV lookups  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBIND_8_COMPAT\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBT_SRV\fP   33"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOP_REG\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOP_UNREG\fP   1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBincoming_interest\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterest handler. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccndc_daemonize\fP (struct \fBccndc_data\fP *ccndc)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister / prefix and start dynamically creating entries based on SRV records. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccndc_query_srv\fP (const unsigned char *domain, int domain_size, char **hostp, int *portp, char **proto)"
.br
.RI "\fIQuery SRV record of the domain. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
ccndc handling of SRV lookups 

A CCNx program.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccndc-srv.c\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define BIND_8_COMPAT"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.SS "#define OP_REG   0"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.SS "#define OP_UNREG   1"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.SS "#define T_SRV   33"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccndc_query_srv().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccndc_daemonize (struct \fBccndc_data\fP * ccndc)"
.PP
Register / prefix and start dynamically creating entries based on SRV records. This call will block thread forever 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int ccndc_query_srv (const unsigned char * domain, int domain_size, char ** hostp, int * portp, char ** proto)"
.PP
Query SRV record of the domain. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdomain\fP domain name 
.br
\fIdomain_size\fP size of the 'domain' variable 
.br
\fIhostp\fP [out] gateway's IP address specified by an SRV record 
.br
\fIportp\fP [out] gateway's port specified by an SRV record 
.br
\fIproto\fP [out] gateway's protocol specified by an SRV record 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccndc_srv().
.SS "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP incoming_interest (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)"
.PP
Interest handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 201 of file ccndc-srv.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccndc_daemonize(), chat_main(), and main().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
