.TH "ccnd/ccnd_msg.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccnd/ccnd_msg.c \- 
.PP
Logging support for ccnd.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccnd_msg\fP (struct \fBccnd_handle\fP *h, const char *fmt,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIProduce ccnd debug output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccnd_debug_ccnb\fP (struct \fBccnd_handle\fP *h, int lineno, const char *msg, struct \fBface\fP *\fBface\fP, const unsigned char *ccnb, size_t ccnb_size)"
.br
.RI "\fIProduce a ccnd debug trace entry. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBccnd_usage_message\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICCND Usage message. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Logging support for ccnd. 

Part of ccnd - the CCNx Daemon.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008-2013 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccnd_msg.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccnd_debug_ccnb (struct \fBccnd_handle\fP * h, int lineno, const char * msg, struct \fBface\fP * face, const unsigned char * ccnb, size_t ccnb_size)"
.PP
Produce a ccnd debug trace entry. Output is produced by calling ccnd_msg. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP the ccnd handle 
.br
\fIlineno\fP caller's source line number (usually __LINE__) 
.br
\fImsg\fP a short text tag to identify the entry 
.br
\fIface\fP handle of associated face; may be NULL 
.br
\fIccnb\fP points to ccnb-encoded Interest or ContentObject 
.br
\fIccnb_size\fP is in bytes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file ccnd_msg.c.
.PP
Referenced by age_forwarding(), ccnd_answer_req(), ccnd_reg_prefix(), ccnd_req_unreg(), do_propagate(), drop_nonlocal_interest(), face_send_queue_insert(), find_first_match_candidate(), mark_stale(), next_child_at_level(), process_incoming_content(), process_incoming_interest(), remove_content(), send_content(), set_content_timer(), strategy_callout(), stuff_and_send(), and stuff_link_check().
.SS "void ccnd_msg (struct \fBccnd_handle\fP * h, const char * fmt,  ...)"
.PP
Produce ccnd debug output. Output is produced via h->logger under the control of h->debug; prepends decimal timestamp and process identification. Caller should not supply newlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP the ccnd handle 
.br
\fIfmt\fP printf-like format string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 45 of file ccnd_msg.c.
.PP
Referenced by accept_connection(), adjstate_change_db(), ccn_append_link_stuff(), ccnd_close_fd(), ccnd_collect_stats(), ccnd_create(), ccnd_debug_ccnb(), ccnd_getboundsocket(), ccnd_init_internal_keystore(), ccnd_listen_on_address(), ccnd_listen_on_wildcards(), ccnd_new_face_msg(), ccnd_parse_uri_list(), ccnd_req_destroyface(), ccnd_req_newface(), ccnd_run(), ccnd_send(), ccnd_setsockopt_v6only(), ccnd_start_notice(), ccnd_stats_http_set_debug(), check_comm_file(), content_sender(), create_local_listener(), do_deferred_write(), establish_min_recv_bufsize(), face_send_queue_insert(), finalize_content(), finalize_face(), get_outbound_faces(), handle_send_error(), ie_next_usec(), main(), make_connection(), note_content_from(), pfi_set_expiry_from_lifetime(), process_incoming_content(), process_incoming_interest(), process_incoming_link_message(), process_input(), process_input_buffer(), process_input_message(), record_connection(), setup_multicast(), shutdown_client_fd(), start_ccnd(), and update_forward_to().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* \fBccnd_usage_message\fP"
.PP
CCND Usage message. 
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file ccnd_msg.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
