.TH "cmd/ccnfilewatch.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccnfilewatch.c \- 
.PP
Utility program to record a file's size.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFW_NBUF\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIMonitor the size of the named file, recording its growth. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBusage\fP (const char *\fBprogname\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBstatchanged\fP (struct stat *prev, struct stat *curr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBprintstat\fP (FILE *out, struct stat *s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_filewatch\fP (const char *path, FILE *out, off_t minsize, off_t maxsize, time_t maxsec, int msecstable, int msecpoll)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Utility program to record a file's size. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBccnfilewatch.c\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define FW_NBUF   4"
.PP
Monitor the size of the named file, recording its growth. This is used for repository tests. We want to measure the point at which the repository file is a stable size.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath\fP is the name of the file to monitor 
.br
\fIout\fP is where to write the logged data 
.br
\fIminsize\fP is the minimum expected final size 
.br
\fImaxsize\fP is threshold beyond which we stop monitoring 
.br
\fImaxsec\fP is a limit, in seconds, on how long to monitor 
.br
\fImsecstable\fP is a time in milliseconds to consider file size stable 
.br
\fImsecpoll\fP is the delay, in milliseconds, between polls.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if stability was obtained within given parameters, -1 if system call failed or invaild arguments (see errno), -2 if maxsize exceeded, -3 if maxsec exceeded, -4 if the file is unlinked. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_filewatch().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int ccn_filewatch (const char * path, FILE * out, off_t minsize, off_t maxsize, time_t maxsec, int msecstable, int msecpoll)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.SS "static void printstat (FILE * out, struct stat * s)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_filewatch().
.SS "static int statchanged (struct stat * prev, struct stat * curr)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_filewatch().
.SS "static int usage (const char * progname)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file ccnfilewatch.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
