.TH "ccnr/ccnr_dispatch.h" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccnr/ccnr_dispatch.h \- 
.PP
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_dispatch_run\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h)"
.br
.RI "\fIRun the main loop of the ccnr. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcontent_entry\fP * \fBprocess_incoming_content\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct \fBfdholder\fP *\fBfdholder\fP, unsigned char *msg, size_t size, off_t *offsetp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_dispatch_process_input\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, int fd)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess the input from a socket or file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBccnr_dispatch.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBcontent_entry\fP* process_incoming_content (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct \fBfdholder\fP * fdholder, unsigned char * msg, size_t size, off_t * offsetp)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1337 of file ccnr_store.c.
.SS "void r_dispatch_process_input (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, int fd)"
.PP
Process the input from a socket or file. The fd has been found ready for input by the poll call. Decide what fdholder it corresponds to, and after checking for exceptional cases, receive data, parse it into ccnb-encoded messages, and call process_input_message for each one. 
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file ccnr_dispatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_run(), and r_init_create().
.SS "void r_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h)"
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file ccnr_dispatch.c.
.SS "void r_dispatch_run (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h)"
.PP
Run the main loop of the ccnr. 
.PP
Definition at line 294 of file ccnr_dispatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by main(), and start_ccnr().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
