.TH "ccnr/ccnr_stats.h" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccnr/ccnr_stats.h \- 
.PP
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccnr_meter_bump\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct ccnr_meter *m, unsigned amt)"
.br
.RI "\fICount something (messages, packets, bytes), and roll up some kind of statistics on it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccnr_meter_destroy\fP (struct ccnr_meter **pm)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroy a separately allocated meter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccnr_meter_init\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct ccnr_meter *m, const char *what)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a meter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccnr_meter * \fBccnr_meter_create\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, const char *what)"
.br
.RI "\fIcreate and initialize separately allocated meter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uintmax_t \fBccnr_meter_total\fP (struct ccnr_meter *m)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the grand total for a metered quantity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBccnr_meter_rate\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct ccnr_meter *m)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the average rate (units per second) of a metered quantity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccnr_stats_handle_http_connection\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct \fBfdholder\fP *\fBfdholder\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBccnr_stats.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccnr_meter_bump (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct ccnr_meter * m, unsigned amt)"
.PP
Count something (messages, packets, bytes), and roll up some kind of statistics on it. 
.PP
Definition at line 669 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_meter_init(), ccnr_meter_rate(), process_incoming_content(), r_dispatch_process_input(), r_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer(), r_io_send(), and r_link_send_content().
.SS "struct ccnr_meter* ccnr_meter_create (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, const char * what)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
create and initialize separately allocated meter. 
.PP
Definition at line 626 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_io_enroll_face().
.SS "void ccnr_meter_destroy (struct ccnr_meter ** pm)"
.PP
Destroy a separately allocated meter. 
.PP
Definition at line 640 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_io_shutdown_client_fd().
.SS "void ccnr_meter_init (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct ccnr_meter * m, const char * what)"
.PP
Initialize a meter. 
.PP
Definition at line 652 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_meter_create().
.SS "unsigned ccnr_meter_rate (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct ccnr_meter * m)"
.PP
Return the average rate (units per second) of a metered quantity. m may be NULL. 
.PP
Definition at line 696 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by collect_face_meter_html(), and collect_meter_xml().
.SS "uintmax_t ccnr_meter_total (struct ccnr_meter * m)"
.PP
Return the grand total for a metered quantity. m may be NULL. 
.PP
Definition at line 713 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by collect_meter_xml(), and r_store_reindexing().
.SS "int ccnr_stats_handle_http_connection (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct \fBfdholder\fP * fdholder)"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file ccnr_stats.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_process_input().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
