.TH "ccnr/ccnr_io.h" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccnr/ccnr_io.h \- 
.PP
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_io_shutdown_all\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h)"
.br
.RI "\fIShutdown all open fds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_io_prepare_poll_fds\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h)"
.br
.RI "\fISet up the array of fd descriptors for the poll(2) call. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_io_send\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct \fBfdholder\fP *\fBfdholder\fP, const void *data, size_t size, off_t *offsetp)"
.br
.RI "\fISend data to the fdholder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBr_io_destroy_face\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, unsigned filedesc)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroys the fdholder identified by filedesc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBr_io_open_repo_data_file\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, const char *name, int output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBr_io_repo_data_file_fd\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, unsigned repofile, int output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_io_shutdown_client_fd\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, int fd)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBr_io_accept_connection\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, int listener_fd)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccept an incoming DGRAM_STREAM connection, creating a new fdholder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBfdholder\fP * \fBr_io_record_fd\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, int fd, void *who, socklen_t wholen, int setflags)"
.br
.RI "\fIMake a new fdholder corresponding to the fd. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBr_io_register_new_face\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct \fBfdholder\fP *\fBfdholder\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when a fdholder is first created, and (perhaps) a second time in the case that a fdholder transitions from the undecided state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBr_io_enroll_face\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, struct \fBfdholder\fP *\fBfdholder\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns the filedesc for a nacent fdholder, calls \fBr_io_register_new_face()\fP if successful. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBfdholder\fP * \fBccnr_r_io_fdholder_from_fd\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, unsigned filedesc)"
.br
.RI "\fILooks up a fdholder based on its filedesc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBfdholder\fP * \fBr_io_fdholder_from_fd\fP (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP *h, unsigned filedesc)"
.br
.RI "\fILooks up a fdholder based on its filedesc (private). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Part of ccnr - CCNx Repository Daemon. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBccnr_io.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBfdholder\fP* ccnr_r_io_fdholder_from_fd (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, unsigned filedesc)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Looks up a fdholder based on its filedesc. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_collect_stats(), and post_face_notice().
.SS "void r_dispatch_process_internal_client_buffer (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h)"
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file ccnr_dispatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_run(), and r_io_send().
.SS "int r_io_accept_connection (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, int listener_fd)"
.PP
Accept an incoming DGRAM_STREAM connection, creating a new fdholder. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
fd of new socket, or -1 for an error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 250 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_process_input().
.SS "int r_io_destroy_face (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, unsigned filedesc)"
.PP
Destroys the fdholder identified by filedesc. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 for success, -1 for failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 369 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_stats_handle_http_connection().
.SS "int r_io_enroll_face (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct \fBfdholder\fP * fdholder)"
.PP
Assigns the filedesc for a nacent fdholder, calls \fBr_io_register_new_face()\fP if successful. 
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_init_create(), and r_io_record_fd().
.SS "struct \fBfdholder\fP* r_io_fdholder_from_fd (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, unsigned filedesc)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Looks up a fdholder based on its filedesc (private). 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_r_io_fdholder_from_fd(), content_sender(), r_dispatch_process_input(), r_init_map_and_process_file(), r_io_prepare_poll_fds(), r_io_shutdown_all(), r_io_shutdown_client_fd(), r_link_do_deferred_write(), r_match_consume_interest(), r_match_consume_matching_interests(), r_proto_answer_req(), r_proto_expect_content(), r_store_commit_content(), r_store_reindexing(), r_store_send_content(), r_sync_local_store(), and r_sync_upcall_store().
.SS "int r_io_open_repo_data_file (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, const char * name, int output)"
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_init_map_and_process_file(), r_io_repo_data_file_fd(), and r_store_init().
.SS "void r_io_prepare_poll_fds (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h)"
.PP
Set up the array of fd descriptors for the poll(2) call. 
.PP
Definition at line 513 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_run().
.SS "struct \fBfdholder\fP* r_io_record_fd (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, int fd, void * who, socklen_t wholen, int setflags)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Make a new fdholder corresponding to the fd. 
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_init_create(), r_io_accept_connection(), r_io_open_repo_data_file(), and r_net_listen_on_address().
.SS "void r_io_register_new_face (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct \fBfdholder\fP * fdholder)"
.PP
Called when a fdholder is first created, and (perhaps) a second time in the case that a fdholder transitions from the undecided state. 
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_input_message(), and r_io_enroll_face().
.SS "int r_io_repo_data_file_fd (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, unsigned repofile, int output)"
.PP
Definition at line 312 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_store_content_read().
.SS "void r_io_send (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, struct \fBfdholder\fP * fdholder, const void * data, size_t size, off_t * offsetp)"
.PP
Send data to the fdholder. No direct error result is provided; the fdholder state is updated as needed. 
.PP
Definition at line 425 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnr_stats_handle_http_connection(), r_io_send(), r_link_stuff_and_send(), and send_http_response().
.SS "void r_io_shutdown_all (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h)"
.PP
Shutdown all open fds. 
.PP
Definition at line 554 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_init_destroy().
.SS "void r_io_shutdown_client_fd (struct \fBccnr_handle\fP * h, int fd)"
.PP
Definition at line 325 of file ccnr_io.c.
.PP
Referenced by r_dispatch_process_input(), r_dispatch_run(), r_init_map_and_process_file(), r_io_destroy_face(), r_io_shutdown_all(), and r_link_do_deferred_write().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
