.TH "cmd/ccnsnew.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccnsnew.c \- 
.PP
A CCNx program to collect content objects as they arrive.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBUSAGE\fP   '[-p port] [ -0123s ] ccnx:/uri ...\\n collect arriving content'"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBincoming_interest\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterest handler. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBincoming_content\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.RI "\fIContent handler. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBusage\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIUsage. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBme_too\fP (struct ccn *h, struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP *pi, const unsigned char *imsg, int scope)"
.br
.RI "\fIMe too - express the interest that we just saw, with small modifications. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBprogname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBsetscope\fP = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A CCNx program to collect content objects as they arrive. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBccnsnew.c\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define USAGE   '[-p port] [ -0123s ] ccnx:/uri ...\\n collect arriving content'"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file ccnsnew.c.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP incoming_content (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Content handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file ccnsnew.c.
.SS "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP incoming_interest (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Interest handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file ccnsnew.c.
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file ccnsnew.c.
.SS "static int me_too (struct ccn * h, struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP * pi, const unsigned char * imsg, int scope)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Me too - express the interest that we just saw, with small modifications. The idea is to be able to get a copy of whatever content comes along to satisfy the interest.
.PP
Before sending the interest back out, we need to strip the Nonce, because otherwise it will just be discarded as a duplicate.
.PP
The scope may also be modified; normally it is set to 0 to minimize the impact on traffic. 
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file ccnsnew.c.
.PP
Referenced by incoming_interest().
.SS "static void usage (void)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Usage. 
.PP
Definition at line 225 of file ccnsnew.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* \fBprogname\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file ccnsnew.c.
.PP
Referenced by main(), and usage().
.SS "int \fBsetscope\fP = 0\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file ccnsnew.c.
.PP
Referenced by incoming_interest(), and main().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
