.TH "cmd/ccnsyncwatch.c" 3 "4 Feb 2013" "Version 0.7.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccnsyncwatch.c \- 
.PP
Utility to use the Sync library protocol to watch changes in a repository's contents.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhex_string\fP (unsigned char *s, size_t l)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhex_value\fP (char c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBusage\fP (char *prog)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsync_cb\fP (struct \fBccns_name_closure\fP *nc, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *lhash, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *rhash, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Utility to use the Sync library protocol to watch changes in a repository's contents. 

A CCNx program.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2012 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccnsyncwatch.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* hex_string (unsigned char * s, size_t l)"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ccnsyncwatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by sync_cb().
.SS "int hex_value (char c)"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file ccnsyncwatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file ccnsyncwatch.c.
.SS "int sync_cb (struct \fBccns_name_closure\fP * nc, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * lhash, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * rhash, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * name)"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file ccnsyncwatch.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "void usage (char * prog)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ccnsyncwatch.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
